Add opt-in Cloudflare binding image optimization during build (#16194)
withastro/astro: .changeset/fix-cloudflare-binding-image-optimization.md

---
'@astrojs/cloudflare': minor
---

> Adds opt-in build-time image optimization for the `cloudflare-binding` image service. When enabled, the Cloudflare IMAGES binding transforms static images in the workerd prerender environment, and the optimized bytes are written directly to the output directory (falling back to the Node-side image service, e.g. Sharp, if the binding fails).

Reviewer: For new features, we use a single sentence to summarize the changes. Then, we get more verbose. You can read https://contribute.docs.astro.build/docs-for-code-changes/changesets/#new-features

The first line is too long here and I think we can add a line break. Also, the parentheses doesn't sound like a parentheses and "Node-side image service, e.g. Sharp" is confusing: Sharp is the default, right? We can mention it directly and avoid users wonder what is their "Node-side image service".
```suggestion
Adds opt-in build-time image optimization for the `cloudflare-binding` image service.

When enabled, the Cloudflare IMAGES binding transforms static images in the workerd prerender environment, and the optimized bytes are written directly to the output directory. If the binding fails, it falls back to Sharp.
```
